Title:
Least terrible apartment complex

Post and Comments:

Entry 2:
There seems to be a major slumlord problem in Pullman. Currently I am residing in Aspen Heights, and they are terrible. Horrible communication, lots of BS fees, extremely high power bills (my last one was $136 when living alone), poor build quality (the walls are warped and the kitchen sink is held up with scrap wood), makes me interact with a rage-inducing company called PetScreening to have my cat, and obfuscates utility billing by making me use Conservice instead of paying Avista and the city directly.
As they are currently owned by Cardinal Group Management, I am preemptively ruling out any complexes owned by them (including but not limited to: The Grove, Timberline on the green,  and College crest).
Ideally, any recommended complexes rent by apartment and not by room, and aren't on Greek row as I want to be able to sleep.
Does anyone have any suggestions?
EDIT: I got my power bill for the month of december, and it's
$200 fucking dollars

Entry 3:
Not sure if either is still a thing, but when I was in Pullman Highland PM and Coug Housing were both straight up slum lords that never took care of anything. I think it’s more common than not in a majority of markets anymore.

Entry 4:
Currently live in a coug housing property: it's fine, seriously. They do throw on some extra fees that up the base rent a bit more than what they advertise, but it's nothing that isn't clearly stated in the contract you sign.
I've had emergency maintenance requests and non-emergency requests. They've responded to both promptly and addressed the issue the first time.
I even called about a bat that made it into the complex's hallway and they came and took care of it.

Entry 5:
Hey, well that’s good! They were super negligent around 15 years ago when I leased through them. They also tried to charge all kinds of predatory and exorbitant move out fees and I had to get a lawyer involved lmao. Someone at the time was clearly trying to take advantage of college kids’ finances.

Entry 6:
Don't know how long ago that was for you, but I worked in maintenance for Coug Housing for about a year and was pretty proud of how quickly we'd respond to things. But for like 15 years there was only two technicians TOTAL for the entire company and things have changed a bit.

Entry 7:
It was like 15 years ago so I’m glad to hear that things have turned around!

Entry 8:
Can recommend Highland Propert Mgmt. I've had no issues with them.

Entry 9:
Do not recommend DRA. We liked campus commons a lot more when we lived there

Entry 10:
DABCO is a decent leasing company. Never had any issues, good communication

Entry 11:
Yeah I’ve lived at 3 different dabco apartments. Schalimar, Birch Hills, and Aspen Village and haven’t had any issues with extra fees or not getting my deposit back.

Entry 12:
My daughter lives at Maple property. It’s been great so far, and she has already renewed her lease.

Entry 13:
On campus apartments are zero BS

Entry 14:
Providence Court was pretty good to me. Had one problem with a busted smoke alarm that wouldn’t stop going off and the repair guy was there within a half hour

Entry 15:
Issue with them is they'll try to charge you for regular maintenance after you leave, they tried to charge me the full cost to repaint the apartment/ redo the carpet despite little to no damage being present. Though I could've just been unlucky

Entry 16:
I think you were unlucky. Only fee I got was a $200 “cleaning fee” because my roommate left a box of trash in her room

Entry 17:
I don't know what your budget is like, but I lived in Whispering Hills and it was by far the best management I had throughout my six years in Pullman. Nice apartments, has a little dog park, receptive maintenance workers, and it's in a quiet community.

Entry 18:
Chief Joseph

Entry 19:
I can whole heartedly recommend Pimlico,  they're dabco owned, the 1 bedroom apartments are incredible for the price (945 a month + utilities), built in washer and dryer, my unit is absolutely perfect and so far it's the best apartment I've lived in. They also allow dogs and cats with a 150 per pet deposit, +25 to rent for dogs, +15 for cats which you handle through them during your application process, and they have covered parking available. It's also pretty close to campus. Electricity is through Avista and my bill is about 50 in the summer, closer to 100 in winter. Also pretty close to coug corner mart for those late night snack runs!

Entry 20:
Dabco is pretty good, and they rent by apartment! We had no issues getting our cat set up with them

Entry 21:
The Flats at Terre View are honestly great. Had a good time, especially coming from the Ruckus (new name now, can't remember it).

Entry 22:
I lived in three different dabco apartments and I honestly had a really good experience! Not super up-to-date but maintenance is quick and the price is reasonable!

Entry 23:
We had HORRIBLE communications with the Grove and decided not to go with them before moving here. Now we feel like we dodged a bullet. We absolutely love living here in birch hills. Its quiet on the edge of nothing, theyre super pet friendly, and our neighbors are very nice. Maintenance is quick and orderly( sometimes even same day). Its been so nice even compared to our previous landlords. We use avista for utilities too since that was a point you made. I HIGHLY recommend them compared to the horror stories I've heard and seen.

Entry 24:
My son had a decent experience with Cougar Ridge. They aren’t fancy and don’t have amenities like in apartment washers and dryers or a pool, but the rent seemed fair and he had no trouble with management or unfair fees when moving out. He shared it with his cousin for 2 years issue free.

Entry 25:
I had a bad experience there. Over priced, parking lot under  permanent construction, multiple times the water got shut off for repairs and my apartment when I moved in was not cleaned well. Hair all over, dog kibble on the ground etc. I guess if you need a place pet friendly it's okay.

Entry 26:
The Annex is wonderful! Haven’t had any issues with them

Entry 27:
It's not cheap, but I have found University Crossing to be a pretty solid experience all things considered. It still uses PetScreening and Conservice (although you don't pay through them, just through the apartment portal), but utilities have been pretty fair, everything is of decent quality, and the front desk and maintenance have been nothing but quick and helpful.

Entry 28:
I lived in chief Joseph for 4 years. Decent apartments, owned by the university. No AC though. But, you can always by a portable one.

Entry 29:
I love willow place they’re super super nice people and super fast for any issues it’s not the newest but the rent is good and I’ve had no complaints the last 3yrs

Entry 30:
Timberline on The Green (formerly The Ruckus) was chaos. I liked “living” when I mean by “living” I mean literally sleeping on the bed. Maintenance took forever to fix any issues, leasing staff never answers my email or phone call. They also entered my unit without giving me a notice. It was nightmare. I wouldn’t recommend living there overall.

Entry 31:
I lived at pimlico and thought it was a really comfortable place

Entry 32:
I've lived in an Apartment Rentals Inc property for the last 8 years. Rent is reasonable, utilities are paid directly to Avista and your chosen ISP and maintenance is responsive to problems.

Entry 33:
hey, i’m looking at living there, have you ever had any problems? it seems a little sketchy just worried about extra charges when the lease is up

Entry 34:
I can't speak to any charges when moving out I have been renting with them my whole time in Pullman. I can say that in my two experiences transferring units I had no extra fees or other problems.

Entry 35:
Lots of new properties out on the north east edge of campus….They are looking kind of vacant

Entry 36:
personally have had an amazing time living at the retreat

Entry 37:
I was at cougar place, right by Valhalla. Enjoyed it and coug housing was generally helpful

Entry 38:
My son lives there his around year same apt just new roommates for him.  They have been great and super helpful with a psycho roommate they had to deal with and eventually evict

Entry 39:
Cougar Crest was the cream of the crop when I lived there.

Entry 40:
Summer Hill is alright

Entry 41:
I also reside in aspen right now and so far my roommate and I looked at the retreat and the hills, and signed with the hills. Seems affordable for all the amenities you get

Entry 42:
I’m at timberline now in a one bedroom. Rent isn’t awful imo for the space. I think I am paying like 1100 for a one bedroom. The fees are a little suspicious here and there, like my power bill for example….is somehow over a hundred bucks….and I live alone. The front office is and will always be terrible. I signed a lease in June with some summer package, like three months paid for free or whatever it was…I checked in with them multiple times like “hey y’all are tracking that? Ok how are you, is it in the lease?” And they always said yeah you’re good. Three months later they were asking for rent….had to get some strongly yet tactfully pissed emails into them….and all it took was the one difficult person to take a day off and it was fixed by someone else whom I’m sure didn’t want to argue any further.
Side note: asked the office to remove a bunch of maintenance supplies out from the front of my door for prolly two months before they actually did anything. I just went in one day and was like, “yo I’m just gonna throw this all away at this point if it isn’t moved by tomorrow” and that seemed to work.
I was in the military before this so I was just finally happy to have my own place, but I did seriously consider moving to Moscow, and paying just a little extra so that I wouldn’t be in a “college apartment” anymore…but the rent here isn’t awful enough to complain too much, its warm in the winter, and shit.

Entry 43:
University apartments are pretty decent for price. Maintenence and all that is no bs because university is responsible. I will say it is a bit old and worn all things considered in chinook apartments, but there are refurbished ones that are supposed to be good. I have a townhouse with some buddies and thats pretty sweet.

Entry 44:
I lived at aspen heights for 2-3ish years and it SUCKED management switched 3 times while I lived there. not to mention they were overcharging on utilities and horrible to deal with. had a roommate with a dog that she wouldnt take care, would let him poop and pee in the place. after months of begging her to take of her dog we finally went to management and they didn’t nothing because that was our first time complaining

Entry 45:
Dabco is okay. If you decide to move to Moscow, palouse properties has never given me a problem. Shit, I think they forgot my apartment exists. We like them so much that I would lease from them as long as I can, best leasing company ever (because they don't do dumb unnecessary shit)

Entry 46:
I live in the grove now and I haven't had any issues. Its cheaper than a lot of other apartments (at least for 3 bedroom and especially because they cover utilities).