Title:
Apartment Recommendations

Post and Comments:

Entry 2:
Hello,
I just graduated and am staying in Pullman. I currently live in the lovely Timberling on the Green (the Ruckus)... lol
I need a good recommendation for a studio (1x1) apartment that is UNFURNISHED with a washer/dryer, dishwasher, good internet, and won't break the bank (less than 850/month). I have some wiggle room but the most important thing for me is in unit washer/dryer and decent internet or the option to buy my own. I would also be interested in renting a room in a 2x2 with the same amenities.
If this exists in the land of Pullman please lmk! I can't seem to find anything nice that offers unfinished rooms (most of the new apartments are furnished and meant for students).

Entry 3:
You'd be paying at least 1k per month at this point

Entry 4:
Any recommendations around 1k?

Entry 5:
Pimlico actually has some 1br/1bth for $945/mo
Also has washer + dryer

Entry 6:
Washer+dryer 2 bed at College Crest is 750+utilities

Entry 7:
Is it better  to schedule a tour or just go down there & ask  about available units?

Entry 8:
I would probably schedule, most of the time the office is out for maintenance, but if you schedule ahead of time you won't skip a beat.

Entry 9:
Wrong

Entry 10:
If you are able to secure a unit at the SummerHill apartments, I know those can cost around $900 per month. I'm going off of someone who lived in a 2 bedroom unit there with an in-unit washer and dryer. Seemed like a great price for all the space and amenities they got. Pimlico might be a good option to check out as well. Good luck!

Entry 11:
under 850 for all that? Keep dreaming.

Entry 12:
What would you say is a better price range?

Entry 13:
Wrong College Crest

Entry 14:
Wrong again

Entry 15:
Bro, I live there, they changed prices.

Entry 16:
I just saw an ad for prices. Reasonable

Entry 17:
How do you like the roaches?

Entry 18:
I don't have any, anyone who attracts roaches is just leaving food out and being gross. If price is not that important to you, go ahead and worry about a problem that has probably been fixed with an exterminator anyway? I guarantee every place in town has had mice, bugs, you name it. You deal with those things as you go in apartments and houses

Entry 19:
You didn't prove me wrong, you just moved the goalpost silly

Entry 20:
You definitely work for college crest or something because you're sucking them off harder than a crack head trying to get $5 for their next fix

Entry 21:
Nah, just like the big rooms and think that people are being suckered when they end up with places like the ruckus instead

Entry 22:
The ruckus and college crest are the two worst reviewed complexes in pullman, So why don't you stfu with your broke ass

Entry 23:
Are they your family members 🤔?

Entry 24:
Are you mentally ill?

Entry 25:
No but you might be!

Entry 26:
Your comments make 0 sense. I think you might just be retarded.

Entry 27:
I don't think so, because  I went to go look.
I am looking  for a room in Pullman also, for me and my service dog.
I got some raw land up further up but no house. 
So Pullman  would be a good  home base until I could  build something  or get a  presence  up there as it's  rural.
There are some low income places but having a hard time locating them.
Pullman  has changed  quite a bit since I graduated.

Entry 28:
You want a low income household but don't want to deal with low income problems; get your money up pal.

Entry 29:
I don't  mind roaches.. They are easy to kill. Had to deal with them in Florida  for the intershthat turned into a 20+ career. 
I have mice now where I rent Idaho because the logger keeps leaving the house doors open  24/7 because there is   no AC in his 1910 house. 
My cat recently died, and cats are good for  getting  rid of mice and roaches, too.
So thanks for the information.. I am going to check into it later today 😀
The pictures that I saw posted that originally turned me away were more of building  structure issues.

Entry 30:
You say that when you live there lmao

Entry 31:
I do, but I don't throw hissy fits over little issues. I like the fact that every dollar I don't spend I get to save.

Entry 32:
You're the only one throwing a fit here because people aren't interested in your shitty apartment complex you dumb poor fuck.

Entry 33:
College Crest has exactly what you're both looking for

Entry 34:
I saw the reviews. No thanks

Entry 35:
I'm not saying it's fantastic; it's far from perfect, but the room size is the biggest possible and the prices are the best you can find. It's like 350 for the 3 bed right now.

Entry 36:
I saw the add but then saw I need proof  of the 3x monthly rent, but although  I get ssdi now..it will take awhile  to get a benefit statement. 
So I am probably going  " camping. "

Entry 37:
You can always get a guarantor

Entry 39:
just stop dude, you're not even replying to anyone.

Entry 40:
Washer/dryer included will drive the price up. I've only lived in places with on-site laundromats so I can't really give a recommendation on that front

Entry 42:
Those units are for graduate students not students who just graduated.

Entry 43:
thank you!

Entry 44:
I didn't  realize  you could rent unfinished  units  at WSU housing.

Entry 45:
Looks like you can’t… I think

Entry 46:
What is your honest opinion of the former  " Ruckus "

Entry 47:
Hit and miss on maintenance. They were quick on some things and unresponsive on others. The prices are steep for what it offers, but it looks like they’re going down? There is a lot of work to be done here as far as consistency of unit quality and maintenance. I wouldn’t recommend to anyone who can do better!

Entry 48:
Well, someone  mentioned College  Crest & the reviews  with pictures were rather dumpy.
Not a place I'd wa to.
As far as the Ruckas...( Timberline on the Green) the current reviews  indicate  another  management  change that  actually  benefits the 
students.

Entry 49:
Reviews have looked the same, poor. But my experience has been fair since the change in management

Entry 50:
im trying to get someone to take over the lease in my bfs coug ridge apt so im biased but i also live in the ruckus and tbh youre dreamin. i was too! which is why im at the ruckus lmao it was just about the best i could do with amenities given the price range. so id stay at the ruckus if i were you or give up w/d (thats what i refused to give up, hence the ruckus). if you do give up w/d then my bfs apt is pretty good for all those LMAO except being $1000. idk any that are lower that arent rooms in larger apts. so ya prob just stay at the ruckus unless youre cool with giving something up

Entry 51:
Sorry about my spelling.

Entry 52:
So is College Crest 🤔  one of those apartments where you just rent by the room? 
I am going to schedule a tour, once I find out where the location is. :)