Title:
Is DABCO really that bad..?? (looking at churchill downs)

Post and Comments:

Entry 2:
(Disclaimer: if you have a personal vendetta against DABCO for some random reason please don't post here--I need rational, balanced advice, not dramatized stories about how shitty your life is)
It's getting late in the year and most of the apartments that everyone says are good are bought up by now. I'm considering Churchill Downs because it has availability, is cheap, and looks.. fine. However, almost everything I read online (never been to pullman in person b/c covid so idk anyone to ask personally) says DABCO is the scum of the earth, avoid them at all costs, etc.
Are they really that bad..? Or are people just over exaggerating? I don't need a perfect apartment, or perfect management, but I also really don't need to be price gouged and scammed either.
I'm aware that your apartment must be in tip-top shape to get the deposit back. But the things I've read make DABCO out to seem like the worst thing on earth. If it's livable and I can be savvy enough to keep good records, take pictures when I arrive, etc., would it really be that bad to live at Churchill?

Entry 3:
Helenes is the scum of Pullman renting. With Dabco you just really gotta make sure you turn in the move in check list ASAP after you get your stuff in and the contract signed, and make sure you keep your copy in a known place for your move out. They
will
try to nickel and dime you for any and all damage after you're out. So you gotta document everything wrong with the apartment when you move in. Take your own pictures and keep them (or the flash drive/SD card whatever) with your copy of the move-in document. If they don't have a document that allows you to look for and track damage, faulty/hinky appliances, bad doors, carpets, windows, etc...then take the time to create a word doc or something that lists all problems and insist they have a copy in your renter's file. It's a hassle but the renters in Pullman (and any college town) know full well they take advantage of young, first time renters all the time. Don't let them hose you for money...which also means pay your rent on time, mind the parking lot rules and all that.

Entry 4:
This summarizes them as a whole. Dabco is predatory since they can get away with it due to most renters not knowing how to take the proper precautions, but they aren't the worst. I had financial struggles while renting through Dabco ~3 years ago and they did help me with payment plans without backlash.
That being said, learn to protect yourself no matter who you rent through. Follow the above advice, and look up other ways to protect yourself, and Dabco should be fine to rent through.

Entry 5:
Exactly. Dabco is fine if you know your tenants rights and take pictures. I like that the apartments were built more recently than a lot of other places in town. My biggest complaint was that they took forever to clear the snow from the parking lots and sidewalks.

Entry 6:
I found it amazing how fast and great they are in snow removal, amazing, if you ever were in Seattle you'd know this, in Seattle only most traveled roads are cleared never within a complex parking lot, so we're very lucky with snow clearing.

Entry 7:
Almost all of the property management companies in town suck.  If you can, go with a private landlord. There are tons of "for rent" signs around town right now.

Entry 8:
Whenever you move in to a place do a walkthrough (twice) with your phone. One video walkthrough that briefly points out any scuffs/damage/carpet issues/appliance issues etc.
Then circle back and take detailed pictures of these items. Save them all to a Cloud location you can access later and won't lose if you lose your phone.
Never lost a dollar of a deposit in any place I've ever rented, these were the first two steps I'd take whenever I move in. One Pullman company did attempt to charge me on moving out for an appliance issue and I had video proof that that was the way it was when I moved in (and I'd requested it fixed multiple times). My deposit was paid the next day.

Entry 9:
I'm over in Providence Court and it's honestly about average for a college apartment. Like any other place in town they're gonna try to squeeze as much as they can but as long as you're smart about documenting and taking pics you'll be fine. Haven't had any issues with the office people either.
Maintenance is pretty quick and the Churchill downs apartments are at the end of the express route as well, and it's about a 20 minute walk to the CUB if you take B street.

Entry 10:
With Dabco, I walked around with my phone and recorded every little speck I found on the initial walk through, and as I was leaving to verify how clean we left it. We received our whole deposit bacj

Entry 11:
I’m in Churchill Downs right now and I think it’s fine. I haven’t had any issues and the apartments are nice enough especially for the price. From what I’ve heard the issues come after move out they will try to charge for anything they can. As long as you do a good job on move in and keep copies of everything you should be fine.

Entry 12:
How's the internet that they provide?

Entry 13:
it’s better than I expected. it’s by no means the fastest you can get but it worked pretty well and got me through the year with zoom classes.

Entry 14:
Check out Latah Apartments private message if u want a virtual tour lol

Entry 15:
I'm looking to get out of my lease at the Grove since I'm graduated if you want a nice place to live that's close to the Campus. If you're interested, hmu and we can discuss things.