Title:
Housing

Post and Comments:

Entry 2:
Hi everyone,
I was recently accepted into the College of Veterinary Medicine and I’m starting to look for housing. I would really appreciate recommendations on where to search for apartments close to the veterinary school.
Are there specific websites, rental agencies, or apartment complexes you would recommend? Also, are there any areas I should avoid?
Thank you in advance for your guidance!

Entry 3:
If graduate students are allowed, check the college-owned apartments Chinook Village, Columbia Village, Yakama Village.  I know Yakama Village allows graduate students.
PS - Congratulations on your acceptance!  That is a very big deal!

Entry 4:
I’ve got a place available! Two bedroom, 1.5 bath. The master bedroom is the open room (looking for a roommate). 0.8 miles away from the vet school. Washer/dryer, free parking. I walk to my office on campus every day, and can also walk to Main Street anytime I want, and there’s a park a minute’s walk from the apartment. I’m also a grad student and I’ve lived here 3 straight years and I like the place!
Rent for the whole unit is 1,220, so a 50/50 split would be 610 a month, but I’m very willing to lower that a bit if needed to fit within a budget. Feel free to reach out if you want photos/more info!

Entry 5:
Housing through WSU is always a great option! Cheap, no landlords to deal with, and fast maintenance!

Entry 6:
Pullman is a town owned and run by slumlords for the last 50+ years. Your best bet would be to try your luck with a private landlord. All the rental companies are awful.

Entry 7:
You should be getting access to the CVM housing packet soon. Craigslist is a good place to get a sense of what’s on offer and how much you need to budget.

Entry 8:
I'd check out the Grove, the Flats at Terre View, Aspen Heights, and any DABCO managed properties. Stay away from anything owned by DRA, Helenes Property Place, and Timberline on the Green. Muse on Main is also good but you have to pay extra for parking which is super expensive so not the place for you if you have a car.  The college owned apartments are fine, but are older and you can get better amenities in a newer complex for the same price elsewhere. I've heard the annex and university crossing are good but are expensive!

Entry 9:
when i was at wsu back in 2016-2019, i lived in the wsu student housing - nez perce town homes for one year, & then lived at the flats at terre view for 2 years when they were brand new. loved both locations, & there are bus stops just about everywhere that you can ride free with your cougar card, & there is a bus stop by the vet hospital. i also worked at the vet hospital when i was a student, & you will probably want to take transit there if possible as parking options are not too great over there.

Entry 10:
Hi!! I also got into WSU Vet and I’ve been doing research/asking around. A lot of people said that DABCO is a good company to rent from and they have a few different apartment complexes to choose from. From what I can tell, they are all relatively similar. I’ve heard that other companies are predatory and to be careful of who you rent from.
WSU housing is inexpensive, but a lot of students have said to avoid. It’s better to rent off campus, not affiliated with the school.
If you have pets, I’ve found that a lot of places do not accept pets, so keep that in mind!