Title:
Anyone know reputable one bedroom apartments in Pullman?

Post and Comments:

Entry 2:
I will be starting PhD in the fall at wsu. I am coming from Texas so I cannot tour places in person. Very close to signing with either cougar ridge or slocum apartments. Has anyone had experience with either place ? Also any recommendations on apartments ?

Entry 3:
Summer hills is fantastic. Cougar ridge “looks” nice, but you’ll have issues with sewage there eventually. Unless you get one of the 100% refurbished units. Never heard of Slocum apartments. Dabco would also be a good one.

Entry 4:
I would also look at DABCO properties.

Entry 5:
Muse on Main is what you need. Gym inside the building, during winter you do not have to leave the building to access the gym. Rare feature in Pullman.

Entry 7:
Not sure if they have it. But otherwise seems similar in quality compared to the Muse, except location. Muse has restaurants and cafes and clubs nearby it, crossing is in the middle in nowhere

Entry 8:
Do you want to be in or away from the student area?

Entry 9:
open to either ! :)

Entry 10:
Daughter moved out of Cougar Ridge to Dabco. Although there is no AC, the apt is much nicer. It has an in unit washer/dryer. Pullman does not get humid but fans help. Not Texas hot. Kid has a portable unit for bedroom.

Entry 11:
If your a student, they’re all gonna try to rip you off. Avoid Heritage Realty. I’m not a student and I’m still getting scammed by these clowns.

Entry 12:
It’s a little further from campus and I’m not sure of your budget/lifestyle but The Residence at Whispering Hills. Here’s all their
amenities

Entry 13:
I used to live under slocum apartments. He’s a nice guy, but his properties aren’t that great and are usually located near Greek row/very loud and busy places near campus. I would recommend to go with something further away from campus. We live in birch hills. It’s “nice” apartments. The neighbors are quiet, friendly, and the crowd is mostly matured adults with full time jobs vs young college kids. Management is ass. All dabco properties are kind of a nightmare in terms of management but they own most of the apartmen complexes in this area. Dabco managed properties are super easy to get accepted into, so that’s a plus. I’d recommend something on this side of town, as it stays quiet and a bit more secluded.

Entry 14:
Hi, I’m also starting PhD in the fall. How do you find roommates? It’s really expensive that the type of 1b1b.

Entry 15:
I'm hopefully moving in June and looked at DABCO apts

Entry 16:
I lived in Cougar Ridge, Providence Court, and Maple Valley apartments and had friends in the Grove. Of those, I’d definitely recommend the Dabco properties - the Providence Court location was my favorite for the proximity to campus and the Grand/Stadium Way corner. Generally, the units are well maintained, if you need maintenance for any reason they show up fairly quickly, and they don’t nickel and dime you too much on move out. 
The cougar ridge unit I moved into with a roommate was an absolute nightmare. The carpet smelled like pee - which they refused to do anything about - the unit was dirty upon move in, and it also lacked a dishwasher even though we were told it was going to have one when we signed our lease. It also was significantly more expensive than other comparable units in Pullman (no clue why my roommate and I decided we wanted to spring for it). 
As far as the grove goes, my friend was happy with it, but the rent was too expensive for me to think it was worth it. The nice thing about Pullman is almost everyone is living in the same (ish) base conditions. I think it’s part of what brings people together. Might as well enjoy the cheapest rent you can get and not worry about paying a large amount more just so you don’t have to take a 30sec walk outside for laundry.
All that being said, everyone has different priorities! Best of luck to you, and know that you’ll have a great time regardless of where you live because you’re in Pullman! Go Cougs!!