Title:
Housing Questions

Post and Comments:

Entry 2:
Hey all, I'm planning on attending WSU in the fall and I'm trying to get some living arrangements figured out early. There seems to be quite a few options and I'm seeing mixed opinions on all of them. Also a lot of my sources are several years old and I'm sure things are different. I'm curious where you guys are staying and your opinions about it. Open to either on-campus or off-campus options, not looking to spend more than $1k a month on rent + utilities + other fees if applicable

Entry 3:
Do not go to Timberline on the green. Are you a transfer or non-traditional student too? Otherwise, you have to live in the residence halls for the first year
Eta

Entry 4:
I'll be transferring as a sophomore, potentially junior. Depends on how much of my credits transfer

Entry 5:
Yes do not go to timberline
Dishwasher has been broken for 3 months
Only fixed bc I called weekly and nagged
They told my roommate she didn’t have a lease after she moved and signed w the old management company
Horrible place
I think same management also does aspen heights and college crest so would no recommend them for that reason
I’ve heard the chinook student apartments are decent!

Entry 6:
I’ve got a place for 610 a month a short walk from campus and I’m looking for a roommate, feel free to reach out to me if you’re interested and I can share more!

Entry 7:
Might take you up on that. I'll let you know for sure in March, waiting to hear back from a few other programs

Entry 8:
in 2016 i lived in the nez perce townhomes that are through wsu. i really enjoyed living there. there were bus stops close by, it was furnished, & the only bill i had to pay was power. rent was taken out of my loan disbursement before i got my leftover check, so i didnt have to worry about paying rent each month, & they covered wifi, water, sewer, & trash. the only downside was that there is no ac, & the insulation was horrible. i had ice build up on the inside of my windows, but that was also one of the worst winters pullman has had in recent years. they also have coin operated laundry in the mail room.
after there in 2017, i moved into the flats at terre view, which they were brand new, & i lived there for 2 years. they were really nice, had an ac unit in the living room, laminate floors in the common spaces, & stayed really warm. here we had to pay for wifi (get our own set up as well) and power. we had in unit laundry which was very convenient. they also have a small gym in the leasing center, but as a student you also have free access to the rec.
both were great & i recommend both!!

Entry 9:
I live in a furnished unit in nez Perce right now, most of the units have been recently refurbished. The laundromat is free, all you need is your cougar card to access it. My friends live in a few of the other places in wsu and I feel like nez Perce is wayyy better than all the other places. You get two levels, a kitchen, lots of storage, and you only have to share your bathroom with your roommate. Also the only neighbors you have to deal with are on either side of you instead of above and below you like in a dorm or apartment complex, but generally everyone is pretty respectful of neighbors here.

Entry 10:
Just avoid some of the off campus slumlords like Apartment Rentals, formerly known as Apartments West.  They have some pretty old rundown places and do the minimum in servicing.  Been that way for 40 yrs.

Entry 11:
I'd recomend living off campus, better amenities and cheaper rent. I currently live in the Grove and love it ($600 a month covering all utilities and fully furnished for a 3 bedroom). I've also heard good things about Aspen Heights, University Crossing and the Retreat, but not sure how much/ what utilities they cover. If you split a house with a few friends, rent can be cheaper as well, but make sure to do research on the rental company (look at their google reviews and court records if applicable). Avoid DRA at all costs.