Title:
Looking into Apartments

Post and Comments:

Entry 2:
Hey everyone! My boyfriend and I are looking at apartments for next school year and I’m having a hard time finding any good ones. I refuse to live in Aspen heights after the hell i went through with them and so many people had negative things to say on every other apartment I found.
Today, I found the Grove and it looks beautiful! What are everyone’s thoughts on living there?

Entry 3:
You could try finding a private landlord and renting a house / duplex instead

Entry 4:
Summerhill is alright and very affordable.

Entry 5:
^
landlord never gave us any issues and cheapest apartments in Pullman

Entry 6:
I've had good experiences at the grove, and it's really nice they cover most utilities. The staff are all nice and I haven't had any issues with the apartment. I also know a few people who have lived there for multiple years so it seems they have a good retention rate

Entry 7:
My son is looking for someone to do a lease take over for his 1 bedroom at Cougar Ridge. He’s in the Othello layout.  Health issues are bringing him home.

Entry 8:
He’s got a brand new couch and a small table with chairs we can sell with it.

Entry 9:
Grove is a good and affordable choice if you need furnished apartments. I recently moved in.

Entry 10:
I've had nothing but good experiences with providence court apartments, rent for a 2 bedroom is somewhere in the 1300 range which is a bit pricey but the apartments are nice

Entry 11:
I fought with grove for 4 months trying to get them to send me the right paperwork and it was a nightmare. I have also been told its not all as good as it is made out to be. We (my hubby and I) really enjoy birch hills. It's quiet, clean, very pet friendly, we even have some friends we've made just by being neighbors. It's lovely being on the edge of nothing. If you like not feeling innercity with your apartment I recommend these. I am so glad we didn't end up in something mid city like latah. Our pups would lose their minds, not to mention I think my asthma would be worse.

Entry 12:
I rented with dabco specifically maple valley and know people who rented at birch hills and they were pretty good, they covered all utilities aside from electric/gas, some units do have washer and dryers and some don’t

Entry 13:
Hey. I have a room in a 2b2b at grove for lease takeover. You can dm me if you want it. I am giving huge discount. I was supposed to stay there but due to an accident I can’t go to wsu this year.

Entry 14:
It depends on how much you are willing to spend, if you are broke then your best bet is Heritage, they even price match so if you find a good deal you could do great but they are slumlords. If you want decent Dabco is okay, and the best ones are like 1200/month for a 1 bed 1 bath and those aren't terrific but they aren't bad. Gooddale has some great places I can highly recommend them, terrific management as of recently. They are hiring more people to do better.

Entry 15:
Grove is alright price for furnished

Entry 16:
University crossing is awesome

Entry 17:
The Flats! Had a great time there.

Entry 18:
We are currently at the grove and love loving there. There’s always plenty of parking, great amenities, and not too loud. Management have been good to work with, especially since we took over a lease. We’re rarely go over on utilities & internet is also included.