Title:
Help me evalaute living and rental cost aroud WSU

Post and Comments:

Entry 2:
Dear community, I am a newbie from Poland, i arrive to WSU in March 2024 to do my exchange program. Would be great if someone help me know the living cost and if possible guide how to find a place to live there. Does 1000 USD per month is sufficient to lead a life there?

Entry 3:
WSU/pullman rent is greatly affordable, while I’m sure it has gone up the last two years I’ve been away it’s still in this 400-600$ range for many places and food prices are also a bit lower than the other side of the state. 1k is more than enough just don’t eat out too much.

Entry 4:
Yes this is reasonable, just make sure to factor in transportation costs. I would aim for 1500 just to be reasonable as you’ll have misc expenses such as books and supplies during your time

Entry 5:
Appreciate your answers! Nice day

Entry 7:
winco is cheaper than Walmart

Entry 8:
Yeah, if OP has a vehicle.  Idaho collects 6% sales tax on groceries.  Washington doesn't tax groceries.

Entry 9:
Um! Thanks for letting me know! Are there any university cafeterias within campus? Are they cheaper or expensive like regualr restuarants?

Entry 10:
The university dining halls can definitely be expensive

Entry 11:
They're very expensive for sure.

Entry 12:
If you're ever looking for a cheap meal go to the Red Sage Cafe at  Pullman Regional Hospital. The cafe has entrees for less than $5 that are usually pretty good

Entry 13:
And better!

Entry 14:
thanks a lot for your response and help, do you have any fb groups to suggest?

Entry 16:
My friend! Big thanks. It was highly useful! I will check out the options. :) Great day.

Entry 17:
Bored in pullman and moscow. Some nice people are willing to help out others there.

Entry 18:
I had a really nice one bedroom apartment for $850, which would leave you with $150 for food.
There are cheaper options too, which would let you pig out more 😉

Entry 19:
Cool, buddy! Thanks for the response!

Entry 20:
The Estimated Cost of Attendance chart on WSU’s website takes an average of rent prices on and off campus in Pullman to give you a pretty good idea of what it will cost.

Entry 21:
There are places that are more expensive as others have mentioned. I rented there for one year and paid 490 a month with one other roommate paying the same amount. There are cheap options for food but the dining halls are definitely more expensive. Will you have a car here? Groceries are pretty cheap compared to other parts of WA but Winco is the best for groceries!

Entry 22:
If you don’t mind living in a family neighborhood shared house away from the crime and parties I rent rooms that are $650 and includes all utilities

Entry 24:
Athletics also gives you free food and stuff. If you're female, consider trying out for rowing. ;)

Entry 25:
Have you looked at the requirements? 1st year students have a requirement to live in the dorms.